Add Flux Overview to basics.md (#1579)
FluxML/Flux.jl: docs/src/models/overview.md

## Improve the Prediction

Under the hood, the Flux [`train!`](../training/training.md) function uses *a loss function* and *training data* to improve the *parameters* of your model based on a pluggable [`optimiser`](../training/optimisers.md):

```julia>
julia> using Flux: train!

julia> opt = Descent()
Descent(0.1)

julia> data = [(x_train, y_train)]
1-element Array{Tuple{Array{Int64,2},Array{Int64,2}},1}:
 ([0 1 … 4 5], [2 6 … 18 22])
```

Now, we have the optimiser and data we'll pass to `train!`. All that remains are the parameters of the model. Each model is a Julia struct with a function and configurable parameters. Remember, the dense layer has weights and biases that depend on the dimensions of the inputs and outputs: 

```julia>
julia> predict.W
1-element Array{Float64,1}:
 -0.99009055

julia> predict.b
1-element Array{Float64,1}:
 0.0
```

The dimensions of these model parameters depend on the number of inputs and outputs. Since models can have hundreds of inputs and several layers, it helps to have a function to collect the parameters into the data structure Flux expects:

```julia>
julia> parameters = params(predict)
Params([Float32[-0.99009055], Float32[0.0]])
```

> These are the parameters Flux will change, one step at a time, to improve predictions. The first parameter is the weight and the second is the bias. Flux will shape predictions by iteratively changing these parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the parameters Flux will change, one step at a time, to improve predictions. The first parameter is the weight and the second is the bias. Flux will adjust predictions by iteratively changing these parameters according to the optimizer.
```

> This optimiser implements the iconic gradient descent strategy. Now improve the parameters of the model with a call to [`train!`](https://fluxml.ai/Flux.jl/stable/training/training/#Flux.Optimise.train!) like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This optimiser implements the classic gradient descent strategy. Now improve the parameters of the model with a call to [`train!`](https://fluxml.ai/Flux.jl/stable/training/training/#Flux.Optimise.train!) like this:
```

```julia>
julia> train!(loss, parameters, data, opt)
```

And check the loss:

```julia>
julia> loss(x_train, y_train)
267.8037f0
```

It went down. 

## Iteratively Train the Model

> Let's run it a few more times:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous section, we made a single call to `train!` which iterates over the data we passed in just once. An *epoch* refers to one pass over the dataset. Typically, we will run the training for multiple epochs to drive the loss down even further. Let's run it a few more times:
```

This model will already make predictions, though not accurate ones yet:

```julia
julia> predict(x_train)
1×6 Array{Float32,2}:
 -1.98018  -5.94054  -9.90091  -13.8613  -17.8216  -21.782
```

In order to make better predictions, you'll need to provide a *loss function* to tell Flux how to objectively *evaluate* the quality of a prediction. Loss functions compute the cumulative distance between actual values and predictions. 

```julia
julia> loss(x, y) = Flux.Losses.mse(predict(x), y)
loss (generic function with 1 method)

julia> loss(x_train, y_train)
282.16010605766024
```

More accurate predictions will yield a lower loss. You can write your own loss functions or rely on those already provided by Flux. This loss function is called [mean squared error](https://www.statisticshowto.com/probability-and-statistics/statistics-definitions/mean-squared-error/). Flux works by iteratively reducing the loss through *training*.

## Improve the Prediction

> Under the hood, the Flux [`train!`](../training/training.md) function uses *a loss function* and *training data* to improve the *parameters* of your model based on a pluggable [`optimiser`](../training/optimisers.md):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the hood, the Flux [`train!`](@ref) function uses *a loss function* and *training data* to improve the *parameters* of your model based on a pluggable [`optimiser`](../training/optimisers.md):
```

```julia
julia> using Flux: train!

julia> opt = Descent()
Descent(0.1)

julia> data = [(x_train, y_train)]
1-element Array{Tuple{Array{Int64,2},Array{Int64,2}},1}:
 ([0 1 … 4 5], [2 6 … 18 22])
```

Now, we have the optimiser and data we'll pass to `train!`. All that remains are the parameters of the model. Each model is a Julia struct with a function and configurable parameters. Remember, the dense layer has weights and biases that depend on the dimensions of the inputs and outputs: 

```julia
julia> predict.W
1-element Array{Float64,1}:
 -0.99009055

julia> predict.b
1-element Array{Float64,1}:
 0.0
```

The dimensions of these model parameters depend on the number of inputs and outputs. Since models can have hundreds of inputs and several layers, it helps to have a function to collect the parameters into the data structure Flux expects:

```julia
julia> parameters = params(predict)
Params([[-0.99009055], [0.0]])
```

These are the parameters Flux will change, one step at a time, to improve predictions. The first parameter is the weight and the second is the bias. Flux will adjust predictions by iteratively changing these parameters according to the optimizer.

> This optimiser implements the classic gradient descent strategy. Now improve the parameters of the model with a call to [`train!`](https://fluxml.ai/Flux.jl/stable/training/training/#Flux.Optimise.train!) like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This optimiser implements the classic gradient descent strategy. Now improve the parameters of the model with a call to [`train!`](@ref) like this:
```

```

And check the loss:

```julia
julia> loss(x_train, y_train)
267.8037f0
```

It went down. Why? 

```julia
julia> parameters
Params([[9.158408791666668], [2.895045275]])
```

The parameters have changed. This single step is the essence of machine learning.

## Iteratively Train the Model

In the previous section, we made a single call to `train!` which iterates over the data we passed in just once. An *epoch* refers to one pass over the dataset. Typically, we will run the training for multiple epochs to drive the loss down even further. Let's run it a few more times:

```julia
julia> for epoch in 1:200
         train!(loss, parameters, data, opt)
       end

julia> loss(x_train, y_train)
0.007433314787010791

julia> parameters
Params([[3.9735880692372345], [1.9925541368157165]])
```

After 200 training steps, the loss went down, and the parameters are getting close to those in the function the model is built to predict.

## Verify the Results

Now, let's verify the predictions:

```julia
julia> predict(y_test)
1×5 Array{Float64,2}:
 105.306  121.2  137.095  152.989  168.883

julia> actual.(y_test)
1×5 Array{Int64,2}:
 106  122  138  154  170
```

> The predictions are good. Let's drill down a bit to understand what's going on inside the individual layers of Flux.

Reviewer: Do you plan on adding additional content here? If not, maybe we can have a quick summary of the tutorial/what we did?

Author: Added summary.

## Improve the Prediction

Under the hood, the Flux [`train!`](@ref) function uses *a loss function* and *training data* to improve the *parameters* of your model based on a pluggable [`optimiser`](../training/optimisers.md):

```
julia> using Flux: train!

julia> opt = Descent()
Descent(0.1)

julia> data = [(x_train, y_train)]
1-element Array{Tuple{Array{Int64,2},Array{Int64,2}},1}:
 ([0 1 … 4 5], [2 6 … 18 22])
```

Now, we have the optimiser and data we'll pass to `train!`. All that remains are the parameters of the model. Each model is a Julia struct with a function and configurable parameters. Remember, the dense layer has weights and biases that depend on the dimensions of the inputs and outputs: 

```
julia> predict.W
1-element Array{Float64,1}:
 -0.99009055

julia> predict.b
1-element Array{Float64,1}:
 0.0
```

The dimensions of these model parameters depend on the number of inputs and outputs. Since models can have hundreds of inputs and several layers, it helps to have a function to collect the parameters into the data structure Flux expects:

```

> julia> parameters = params(predict)

Reviewer 2: Adding a note here since my older comment is now outdated. By "in params", I meant a line like `@assert predict.W in parameters` or `predict.W in parameters \n true`

This optimiser implements the classic gradient descent strategy. Now improve the parameters of the model with a call to [`train!`](@ref) like this:

```
julia> train!(loss, parameters, data, opt)
```

And check the loss:

```
julia> loss(x_train, y_train)
267.8037f0
```

It went down. Why? 

```
julia> parameters
Params([[9.158408791666668], [2.895045275]])
```

The parameters have changed. This single step is the essence of machine learning.

## Iteratively Train the Model

In the previous section, we made a single call to `train!` which iterates over the data we passed in just once. An *epoch* refers to one pass over the dataset. Typically, we will run the training for multiple epochs to drive the loss down even further. Let's run it a few more times:

```
julia> for epoch in 1:200
         train!(loss, parameters, data, opt)
       end

julia> loss(x_train, y_train)
0.007433314787010791

julia> parameters
Params([[3.9735880692372345], [1.9925541368157165]])
```

After 200 training steps, the loss went down, and the parameters are getting close to those in the function the model is built to predict.

## Verify the Results

Now, let's verify the predictions:

```

> julia> predict(y_test)

Reviewer 2: Last minute comment, sorry! https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl/pull/1579#discussion_r622450627

Author: I took another shot at the prose because our discussions are a clue that the readers will also have trouble with the concept. Here's the main bit: 

julia> model.b
1-element Array{Float64,1}:
 0.0
```

Under the hood, a dense layer is a struct with fields `W` and `b`. `W` represents a weight and `b` represents a bias. There's another way to think about a model. In Flux, *models are conceptually predictive functions*: 

```
julia> predict = Dense(1, 1)
```

`Dense(1, 1)` also implements the function `σ(Wx+b)` where `W` and `b` are the weights and biases. `σ` is an activation function (more on activations later). Our model has one weight and one bias, but typical models will have many more. Think of weights and biases as knobs and levers Flux can use to tune predictions. Activation functions are transformations that tailor models to your needs. 

let me know if this is takes us in a better direction.

1×5 Array{Float64,2}:
 105.306  121.2  137.095  152.989  168.883

julia> actual.(y_test)
1×5 Array{Int64,2}:
 106  122  138  154  170
```

The predictions are good. Here's how we got there. 

First, we gathered real-world data into the variables `x_train`, `y_train`, `x_test`, and `y_test`. The `x_*` data defines inputs, and the `y_*` data defines outputs. The `*_train` data is for training the model, and the `*_test` data is for verifying the model. Our data was based on the function `4x + 2`.

> Then, we built a predictive model with Flux `Dense(1, 1)`. This built a predictive model called `predict` with one input and one output. The predictions weren't yet accurate because we had not trained the model yet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, we built a single input, single output predictive model, `predict = Dense(1, 1)`. The initial predictions weren't accurate, because we had not trained the model yet. 
```

Author: Good catch

Reviewer: Don't think this got committed.

Author: added now

After building the model, we trained it with `train!(loss, parameters, data, opt)`. The loss function is first, followed by the `parameters` holding the weights and biases of the model, the training data, and the `Descent` optimizer provided by Flux. We ran the training step once, and observed that the parameters changed and the loss went down. Then, we ran the `train!` many times to finish the training process.

> After we had trained the model, we verified it with the test data to verify the results. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After we trained the model, we verified it with the test data to verify the results. 
```
